gentlemen there is a war raging right
now with the Magisterium between those
trying to keep us in ignorance and those
willing to fight for truth and freedom
who will stand with me it's kind of
heresy is with highest priority to the
Magisterium I need to know where he's
going and what he intends to achieve
can't snake loose it's no place for a
child
no the master is asked if I can find a
place for you and I want you as my
assistant
do you really explore two just like my
uncle I can teach you to wield power but
you must let me imagine we believe there
is an organization that a stealing
children and taking north
sometimes children can just disappear I
promise to do everything I could to
protect you from harm
this it's an elite the orbiter it is
illegal unless approved by the
Magisterium tells you the truth
she has to make a journey one which I'm
afraid includes a great betrayal
it's trying to warn me of something
I suspect it's trying to warn you of a
definition this course
[Music]
I can fly your question shouldn't be
asking you that we are not Magisterium
have a Muslim I would ask where I could
obtain services an armored bear Eric
burns
people need our help Yorick let's go
give
[Music]
it's time I know
you